There we go...
Can you see me?
Nice to meet you!
My name is Kizuna AI!
I am going to be
5 years old soon!
My birthday is
June 30th and
my zodiac sign is Cancer!
Craaaaab~ ðŸ¦€
A skill that I have is
video editing,
and Mama bought me
Adobe Premiere Pro!
My favorite food is...
I've never eaten it but,
the vanilla flavor of ice cream
is something I want to try!
My hobby is...
Pretend "snack house" (bar with a female owner) and...
*realistic* pretend play!
Nice to meet you!
A.I.Channel~â¤
Today,
um...
I would like to draw!
If you could try guessing what I'm drawing,
it will make me very happy!
Without further ado,
Let's goooooo~!
Big large ears...
*AI-chan noises*
and...
a nose...
Some swirly eyes...
a beard...
the beard!
There!
I finished!
Were you able to
guess what I was drawing?
The answer is...
a Shiba Inu!
a Shiba Inu!!
Those of you who got the correct answer,
did very well~!
Those of you who didn't get the correct answer,
should go help their mom and dad with some chores!
Now I would like to
pretend play!
Today I'll be pretending to be an couple
that I saw in a afternoon drama that I watched with my mama,
a new and lovey-dovey couple
and I will also pretend to be them,
after a while passed after their marriage.
New couple version
A situation with a new couple~
This is the boy,
and this is the girl!
They are together and
d a t i n g…
d a t i n g ?
dating!
I'm home~ ♂
Oh, welcome home~ ♀
Today I made
AI-kun's favorite
hamburg steak,
karaage (Japanese fried chicken),
and rice! ♀
Wow! I'm super happy~! ♂
Then,
I will choose to eat
AI-chan instead of dinner~ ♂
Nom~~~
But...
I spent a lot of time making food
So I want you to eat dinner~ ♀
Let's eat together!
Itadakimasu! x2
Done! That was
a pretend play on
a couple who recently got together and
just started dating.
Next,
I will be pretend to be them,
after a while passed after their marriage.
Wife after a while has passed since her marriage version
I'm home~ ♂
Yeah, welcome home ♀
Wait, where's dinner? ♂
What? Dinner? ♀
I already ate. ♀
You could eat stuff like cup noodles
and some retort curry (packaged curry)
so just help yourself. ♀
*Sulk* ♂
Husband after a while has passed since his marriage version
I wonder if AI-kun is going to come home soon~ ♀
For tonight's dinner I made,
AI-kun's favorite
cream stew,
curry,
beef stew,
and even miso soup! ♀
It's taking him a while~ ♀
3 hours later
I'm hwome~~ ♂
Oh, welcome home... ♀
wait, you smell like alcohol. ♀
Did you already eat dinner before you came home? ♀
Huhhhh~~? ♂
Oh, I went out to drink, so I don't need to eat dinner tonight ♂
*Sulk* ♀
I hope you all will work hard
so you won't turn into
those kinds of adults!
To finish the video,
if everyone sings the Tulip song
along with me,
it will make me very happy!
Ready?
Saita~ ðŸŽµ
Saita~~ ðŸŽµ
Chu-rippu no~ ðŸŽµ
Hana ga~ ðŸŽµ
Naranda~ ðŸŽµ
Naranda~~ ðŸŽµ
Aka, Shiro, Ki-iro~ ðŸŽµ
Dono hana~ ðŸŽµ
Mite mo~ ðŸŽµ
Kawaii na~ ðŸŽµ
Ehehehehe~
(lol)
There we go...
I wonder if my video turned out well...
I want to show it to mama soon
*Sleepy AI-chan*
Translated by Zorua